tests: run sg example & update readme (#292)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-vpe-module: README.md

# IBM VPE Module

[![Incubating (Not yet consumable)](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-Incubating%20(Not%20yet%20consumable)-red)](https://terraform-ibm-modules.github.io/documentation/#/badge-status)
[![Build status](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-vpe-module/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-vpe-module/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-vpe-module?logo=GitHub&sort=semver)](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-vpe-module/releases/latest)

This module can be used to create and configure an [Endpoint Gateway](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/vpc?topic=vpc-ordering-endpoint-gateway&interface=ui).

The module supports the following scenarios:

> - Create Reserved IPs, Endpoint Gateways, and Attach Endpoint Gateways to Reserved IPs.

Reviewer: I think actions is fine here.

> The module supports creating and updating settings that are applied with the `terraform apply` command. With objects
> affected by the `destroy` command, the module preserves the most recent setting and doesn't change objects that are
> configured outside of Terraform's scope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this module you can create and update settings that are applied with a `terraform apply` command. For objects
that are affected by a `terraform destroy` command, the module preserves the most recent setting, and doesn't change objects that are configured outside of Terraform's scope.
```
